[Music]
very good my dearest Lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're
having a spectacular day. I'm very
happy because today is Wednesday and on
Wednesdays you already know what we have
live at night with our
beloved Marina snal right now I'm
going to ask you all to
click the Like button
if you're not going to miss the
live show tonight. I've also been talking
to Marina and she's given me a sneak peek of
the things she's bringing us that we're going to
talk about at 10:00 at night, 10:30 on
telesaleo your favorite heart channel,
hit like if you're not going to miss it, okay. Well,
today, apart from being Wednesday with Marina, it
's also Wednesday, which is Cover Day.
There are some covers that have
surprised us more and others that have
surprised us less. We'll be commenting on them
all throughout the day, but this
time I wanted to make a video and I
wanted a few minutes with
Jorge Javier Vázquez's words on his blog, which by the
way, absolutely
refutes the
information that Diego Arrabal gave that
Jorge Javier had been fired what
happens is that of course Diego Arrabal is going to
say that he was fired
at one point and then they
sent him off this he already said it I mean in
fact he was putting the band-aid before
the wound as they say and he already in his
live broadcast when he said that Jorge had been
fired from reading he already said
Well right now tonight he's
fired if suddenly
next week he returns to his job it means he's been
sent off Okay so here we have to
take it with a grain of salt each
and every one of us believe what we
want So it's true that we're here
to listen to the gossip and whatever they
bring us is useful and worth it No but
many times we also miss a
little bit of real information on this
blog Jorge Javier attacks Ana
Obregón and the presenter has
made it quite clear to us from the first
moment what his position is And it
seems that he just can't stand it, he just can't
stand it and in case there's anyone who
still had doubts with this blog he'll
confirm it to you I spent the whole Saturday lying
on the couch watching  party with a p on the
good side there is no initial here
Mysterious if you have spoken about this on
any other occasion it has
slipped out for me to put it in the
comment box If you know who she is referring to
with p okay because I don't know who p is I don't know
if it's a new boyfriend or whatever okay
But come on I've never heard it and
calling him by the initial or
mentioning him is not completely unnecessary
because she could have easily
put that he was lying on the couch and I do
n't know what And I don't know how much But
well it seems that she does it also a
little bit wanting to play with the
morbidity there
was a moment well into the afternoon
when p asked me will we get tired at
some point of the Ana Obregón thing she
asked me without a double meaning for knowing
like when a neophyte asks an
erudite in this case me about some
issue For the mere fact of expanding
his knowledge
and I answered her all serious looking her in the
eyes as only erudites
answer these types of questions yes
we will get tired but
the time has not come yet let's see in honor of the
truth and to be fair you know  that I
have my ups and downs and my
opinions on the whole
Ana Obregón issue, no, but the issue of why people
keep talking about it and keep talking about it and keep
talking about it is that we have to talk
but not because we have to talk about it because it
is the issue of the moment and we have to
inform. No, no, it's that there are topics to
talk about, it's that there are things that are a
topic with substance and a story
behind it. And then the things that are coming
out now suddenly Alessandro
Lequio has gone to meet the
girl as was logical, no, and I said it from
the first moment.
[Music] it
is a very curious topic, it is a very curious topic, it is a
very powerful topic and it is
not going to end yet, you have to realize
that now today, if I'm not mistaken, it was today,
yes, yes, it was today. Of course, today is the premiere
of the book. She still has to come
here to present it because at
first it was said that it was going to be by
video call and in the end it wasn't. I mean,
she is going to come to present it properly, there
will be moments in that presentation there will be
confessions, I don't know, barbs, even, you don't
go and find out everything that may happen.
Alessandro Lequio is going to be or is not going to
be at the presentation of
his son's book that I think he should be okay
Alessandro Lequio is going to enter through
the rail not as I say and fine tuned
there he goes there entering into this type of
things as well as getting to know the girl
and well he is going to have an
incredible relationship with the girl because in the end he
knows that his biological granddaughter and she is
Alex's daughter so
Alessandro Lequio is surely going to be
at the presentation of the book as well as he is going to
be by her side
throughout her life for sure okay But well it
is a topic that brings a lot of news and
brings a lot of substance look yesterday no what was
happening no yesterday Ana Obregón
sent a letter no to this girl who
was Ale's girlfriend demanding a
little bit of attention no Ana Obregón has never
been one of my favorite characters I
recognize that yes an unquestionable capacity for
work and an
indisputable professionalism well let's see
This is something like it seems to me
a bit of a populist attitude but it's done a
lot no  It's like I hate her I mean, I can't
stand her and I think it's been made quite
clear there's no need to dedicate a
little bit to it it's already quite clear just
to see how she expresses herself about her and
all but of course it's like this is
always done you always see it
when someone is fighting with another
it's like a code that they have don't enter to
look better I think that these are
comments to look better no no
but as an unquestionable professional
but as a very professional But well Well if
nobody is talking to you
right now about how she is as a professional if I
already know that she's not a good presenter she's
been presenting the chimes a
lot of television programs with
Emilio Aragón with Ramón Yes I mean
Anabregón is a presenter Well
indisputable if not she wouldn't have the
career that she has but right now
we're not talking about how she
presents we're talking about what she's
causing then They
are details that are to look good No
but her emotional ups and downs have
always kept me quite a bit awake perhaps
because I always detected in them little
depth little depth She got
boyfriends easily this is a way
of judging her I mean this comment for
me is completely unnecessary  she had a boyfriend
easily because of course she
was an attractive and beautiful woman and
suddenly she was single and
one came along who was Well of course
easily Maybe you don't have the
same ease but yeah what a
way of highlighting the unnecessary but
then what Jorge Javier is talking about
is not the way she had after selling
in magazines with I mean at the moment she
broke up with boyfriends she did
a super spectacular exclusive
smiling and all that and it really calls my
attention no because again it's the same
old thing no that she doesn't believe it
because she sees her getting paid for exclusives it
's literally what she's coming to say
look she's confused life with a
television show and in the end it's hard to
guess When the lights go out and
the truth begins maybe because the truth does
n't exist boy Look at your friend Rocío
Carrasco okay I mean literally she's
done Exactly the same thing or worse okay or
worse and you believe her okay I understand that maybe
when you see someone happy You
think that people when they're sad
when they're going through a bad time they
have to go around dressed in black without
makeup with a sad face no  but
everyone handles the blows and handles
things as they come and as it is
in their personality but it's that it makes me
laugh a lot because with Rocío
Carrasco he does the exact opposite where I'm
going and what is the point to end the
video for me this If you are changing
Nobregón for Rocío Carrasco what it
makes me understand and I think it's the
truth is that Jorge Javier really does
n't believe He doesn't even swallow Rocío Carrasco does it
for what she does But anyway I'll be
reading the comments box tell me
what you think I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]